I love playing tea with my sister I
usually win because she's so easy to
catch this is our mama Kizzy and she's
the best mama in the whole wide world
today's special cause Mama's taking us
on an adventure to find ourselves a new
bigger home and I am going to help mama
Kizzy and the Cubs have a long journey
ahead of them I hope they'll be okay
wait for me mama leopards are very
present their new home will have to be
well-hidden
where no one can find it it's so
exciting
I wonder what animals will see look
pakka there's a crocodile some baby Wow
what big teeth he has the Cubs we'll
have to be careful I catch up with mama
wait that looks like a good home over
there mama what about in here no one
will see us in here oh what's that over
there I spy someone climbing through the
grass it's got a very long tail it looks
a bit like a monkey can you see it papa
you